I haven't written to her either, no, honestly, do
you think that to close we should watch a
video that I had prepared here
about survivor since you're here?
Well, you're the person who has
confirmed the most contestants that are being
confirmed because in total, okay, she made
this account, she made this little video that
is not an official video, eh. It's very well
done and it seems official but it's not a
video, it's not an official video, eh.
Man, it's a video about the
possible contestants of survivor, okay, okay,
Adana is confirmed. Yes, it is already confirmed
but it is not officially confirmed.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, Ah,
her. Well, she has
posted a tweet that is well, it is very
officially confirmed on the website or
somewhere. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, okay,
contestant confirmed. Wow,
how lazy, how lazy, total I'm
dying, crying, it's confirmed. Yes, yes, it
is already confirmed
and it is that I don't like it, I don't like it at all, I
like it and I don't like it at all.
[Music]
no longer, let's see, here comes out more of the
support that we were talking about
yesterday, Raquel's bun, the children, that you
missed me, Manuel and  I saw and said wow
But how strong What a good belly Well
there is of course There is Raquel bollo that the daughter
is the same as my mother Patricia
has a certain age honey but but yes and
then Laura
Raquel bollo an age that Raquel has an
age within that of a very young Yes
yes super very young Well she will be 50 And
that is an age let's see man Well this one
is 20 Well that is an age compared to
the daughter honey Well of course okay
[Laughter] that
is that the other day Agustín 51 was saying that
only I am not followed by
old women of 47 I said of course
my goodness travel of 90 no to see the daughter I
think that the daughter Is going to be a collaborator
Marina sincerely the daughter yes the daughter
is a contestant But why but if
the two are already confirmed the daughter and the
two sons the daughter and the son are
confirmed yes yes yes yes yes they are
confirmed yes and this one and the one on the far
left the one on the
far right is from My land is from
my land of Cantabria yes he is from the island
of  let's go and it started in women and men
a classic and then Patricia I'm not there it
looks like a surreal Salvador Dali painting
are both confirmed the drop is the
two have already officially confirmed
the two that yes both went as one They go as
two go independently but it
seems to me very good praise very good very
well thought out that that implies the return
of the bun that I don't think so it's save me or
yes or else to party but sure 100%
man after what she was
saying here when she came You remember
when she came here Of course it wouldn't
fit me that it was
[Music]
and it also goes that they have already confirmed it and
with the colleagues of Formula TV that is what I
was commenting before that the
Pantoja family They have only vetoed here
like Remember that the Pantoja family
has a lot of branch
nannies cleaners drivers
cousins ​​​​in-law
are ex-relatives also no I mean and they have
only vetoed Kiko he is strong he is
strong only Kiko the truth is that yes and
then also here of course with
survivors they have taken they have
found a little square
because this boy James loft who is
called what is it  This was called Jaime No no
gosh what's the name of my fellow countryman uncle who
started out on Women and Men and then
was on the island
damn What was his real name when he was
with Lola Lola Jaime isn't going to put it in
the chat right now for sure Hey let's say
the name is Jaime James Yeah but what's his
name his name is Jaime Diego Diego Diego
of course let's see if you're telling me that you ca
n't mention previous editions of
reality shows
[Music]
and Diego that
Well I don't know anymore because they say that you can't
mention previous additions And I
just saw on Sálvame in the background that they
were reviewing the previous edition of
Raquel Mosquera on Survivors
So I don't understand someone
explain to me that's why I'm telling you it's that I don't know I don't
understand I don't understand life very well
Javi come up with something TV is usually reliable that's
why I'm telling you that I don't understand I don't know I do
n't know the truth is that I don't know I
think that these six are I mean almost
all of them are confirmed And if you're
telling me that these two are also
confirmed let's see I think so I
saw it three days ago and they let's see and I  I
think Manuel Let's see wait Yes yes it's going to
be I mean yes soul I'm going soul Cortés and
Manuel Cortés Hello
the survivors predicts wait Well
maybe he doesn't officially confirm it
but let's go yes because if they hadn't let's
go 100% that yes they will both go
no I thought that they had
officially confirmed it but let's go that they will
confirm it soon tomorrow the day after
because this starts now because it ends it would already
start in paradise they have hyper
mega advanced I think I don't know if the
final is already next week and the
following ones the debate and soon
survivors he has said something
Pretty harsh well that's it Well yes Well I
think that's it no Marina or we have
nothing left we have to sleep or you
have the weak one I have the weak one mother
of God and what are you going to talk about today Look you
are writing to me Lorena because she
told me that I know that she falls asleep because she
was waiting for me to see if we saw
something to see if we saw those of Bárbara
Rey that we have to see it and she
is telling me no no that she is
going to bed What's wrong with me then I'm
saying well nothing well then I'm going
to the weak one well what do we have today  in the
canijo Well in the canijo we have some things I have to
go over But we have
some things I think the Chinese are going for
above all around an event that
was today
Jordi Wild knows who Jordi Wilde is
because I know him a lot I've seen him
somewhere very very famous that is having a
lot of success called the Wild
project it sounds a lot to me Jordi very
famous very famous Jordi very famous and he has
organized a boxing event today
like one of these evenings like the ones he
does with a style I think a little more
professional maybe
more professional I mean not the type
of content and the way of
managing it but the boxers I think they
were more professional posers I
think eh Maybe I'm wrong now I'll
take a look at the outline before we
start and I
can't remember right now what else
but anyway We'll get some sauce Surely sure
[Music]